Hello everybody and welcome to this lecture now you've reached the end of the 2.8 remaster as it is
at the moment.
And there will be more content coming real soon.
Now of course you can follow on with the rest of the course and translate it to 2.8.
There's still lots of good content coming up there but if you'd rather wait for the blend to 2.8 stuff
that's absolutely fine.
Now I will warn you that there are some things that have been deprecated in Blender 2.8.
So they just don't exist anymore.
But some of the content is absolutely fine.
So go ahead if you want to wait.
If you want to and the new concept will be with you really soon.
Take care and I'll see you in the next lecture.